Marketing Manager - 99

About The Company
If you see technology as a way to smooth your path in life, our team does too: Your Path, Our Journey.
We believe in technology that connects talented people who embrace diversity to create and share paths we don't even know about (yet!). We work to generate value not only for our users but, above all, for the communities we serve and for society as a whole, making every day better for everyone with mobility and delivery services (99) or digital payments (99Pay).
To make life easier for millions of people every day, since 2018, we have been part of DiDi DiDi Global Inc., the world’s leading mobility technology platform. We are pioneers in creating innovative solutions that start in Brazil and scale up to make a positive impact in more than 12 countries where DiDi operates. This innovation encompasses sustainability, safety, artificial intelligence, financial markets, and much more.
Whether building projects from scratch or improving our solutions, we enjoy challenges that give us butterflies, which is why we work at a fast pace with respect, collaboration, and good humor. Along this journey, we also draw strength from diverse experiences and opinions to grow together, fail quickly, learn, and adjust the course to create solutions that deliver even better results.
About The Team/role
We are looking for a Marketing Manager to lead the development and execution of marketing strategies for growth our mobility services in small cities. This role will be responsible for designing go-to-market plans, coordinating cross-functional teams, and scaling sucessful initiatives to drive growth and brand awareness across regions.
In this role, you'll be...
Develop and implement marketing strategies for growth cities;
Coordinate cross-functional teams to ensure on-time and high-quality execution;
Monitor performance and optimize campaigns to drive growth and brand awareness;
Identify opportunities to scale successful initiatives across markets.
We're eager to be in touch because you have...
Experience leading teams and managing complex projects;
Knowledge of trade marketing and local brand activation;
Strong problem-solving mindset and ability to adapt quickly;
Strategic thinking and data driven mindset;
Excellent communication, collaboration and leadership skills.
You'll love working at DiDi because...
We create user value
We strive to always create valuable experiences for our users in everything we do. Our focus is to always innovate new experiences that are safe, pleasant and efficient.
We are data-driven
We are strong believers in making informed decisions, that’s why we are data-driven. We can better navigate the business landscape strategically by analyzing valuable metrics.
Win-win Collaboration
Success is a team sport. When we work to help our partners and colleagues win, we win, too. While keeping everyone's best interest at heart, we communicate with candor and execute with excellence in all we do.
We believe in integrity
Integrity is